README.md, before:

# TodoItems List

An Android exercise for developers teaching how to play around with RecyclerView and Adapter

## Background:

In this project, we are creating a TODO list app.
The user can insert TodoItems, mark them as DONE or IN-PROGRESS, and delete them.

The exact SPECS can be found at file `MainActivity.java`.

*NOTICE:*
The app implementation is extracted into logic and UI:

Pure-logic should be implemented at `TodoItemsHolderImpl.java`.

UI should be implemented at `MainActivity.java`.  

## To fulfill this exercise:

Take a look at the following files, read all of them, and make sure you understand them before starting to write any code:
* `TodoItemsHolder.java` (interface)
* `TodoItemsHolderImpl.java` (default implementation of the interface)
* `TodoItem` (data class representing a TODO item)
* `MainActivity.java` (screen)

After you understand them, go ahead and implement the needed SPECS as defined in `MainActivity`.

> 🛈 **NOTICE:** \
> You might need to modify classes, add fields, change methods etc etc.  
> Don't be afraid, it's completely ok to modify existing code.

## Tests:

*Logic tests:*
You are expected to add unit & flow tests to `TodoItemsHolderImplTest.java`.
Read the entire file and then implement the TODOs in that file. 

*UI tests:*
You are expected to add a few tests to `MainActivityTest.java`.
Read the entire file and then implement the TODOs in that file.

## Remarks:

Tests implementations should come *last*. Start with logic tests and then continue to UI tests. 
My request to write tests is only an added-value for you to sharp your testing skills.
If you see that the exercise takes too much time to implement even *without* writing the tests,
please **LET ME KNOW** and I will drop the request for tests from the exercise submission.

---

✨ Good luck! ✨

Commit message:

almost all done. 2 tests to fix

README.md, after:

"I pledge the highest level of ethical principles in support of academic excellence.
I ensure that all of my work reflects my own abilities and not those of someone else."

Q: We didn't define any UX flow to let users edit a descrption on an existing TODO item.
   Which UX flow will you define?

A: I would add an onclicklistener to the textView of the row.
Clicking the textView will open an edit text box, waiting for the user to add a new text.
When done, the change will be sent to the whoever needs to know (todoItemsHolder, and notify the
adapter about the change).
I believe implementing this solution shouldn't be to hard. Adding a method to todoItemsHolder that
updates the text of a given item, and adding an onclicklistener to the textView of the row.
This is quite consistent with the regular android world and should be easy for a user in their first
usage.


# TodoItems List

An Android exercise for developers teaching how to play around with RecyclerView and Adapter

## Background:

In this project, we are creating a TODO list app.
The user can insert TodoItems, mark them as DONE or IN-PROGRESS, and delete them.

The exact SPECS can be found at file `MainActivity.java`.

*NOTICE:*
The app implementation is extracted into logic and UI:

Pure-logic should be implemented at `TodoItemsHolderImpl.java`.

UI should be implemented at `MainActivity.java`.  

## To fulfill this exercise:

Take a look at the following files, read all of them, and make sure you understand them before starting to write any code:
* `TodoItemsHolder.java` (interface)
* `TodoItemsHolderImpl.java` (default implementation of the interface)
* `TodoItem` (data class representing a TODO item)
* `MainActivity.java` (screen)

After you understand them, go ahead and implement the needed SPECS as defined in `MainActivity`.

> 🛈 **NOTICE:** \
> You might need to modify classes, add fields, change methods etc etc.  
> Don't be afraid, it's completely ok to modify existing code.

## Tests:

*Logic tests:*
You are expected to add unit & flow tests to `TodoItemsHolderImplTest.java`.
Read the entire file and then implement the TODOs in that file. 

*UI tests:*
You are expected to add a few tests to `MainActivityTest.java`.
Read the entire file and then implement the TODOs in that file.

## Remarks:

Tests implementations should come *last*. Start with logic tests and then continue to UI tests. 
My request to write tests is only an added-value for you to sharp your testing skills.
If you see that the exercise takes too much time to implement even *without* writing the tests,
please **LET ME KNOW** and I will drop the request for tests from the exercise submission.

---

✨ Good luck! ✨
